[Hello, I will be visiting Tuscany for 2 weeks in April and I want to buy a nice leather jacket (slim fit, kind of) for men. Is there a store you can recommend in Tuscany? If possible not touristy overpriced, but just good fine handcraft locals would know. Thanks, It could be difficult. Normally it's Turkish or Chinese, or at the best "Italian design". It would be still nice looking., Try San Lorenzo market in Florence. Failing that all sorts of small shops selling leather everything in the back streets in Florence - just expect small shops sometimes with a workshop attached, Lots of small local shops selling leather stuff..in Florence as above,but also in smaller cities(like Lucca,for example)., Some of it is local and good quality,some is not...be careful!] [Hello, I want to travel from Lake Como, Italy, to Le Bourg-d'Oisans, France. The most direct route is via car. Has anyone had any experience hiring a car in Italy and dropping it off in France? Any insight is appreciated., You can do it but they will charge you a lot for it, different companies have different fees, but expect to pay a minimum of €200 extra and that is probably a conservative estimate., Usually a €500 surcharge for renting a car in one country and dropping it off in another.  It’s better to wait to rent in France  for your itinerary, unless you’re feeling flush., Not only will you pay a hefty relocation fee for a one-way international rental, if that is permitted, you will have to drop of the car in the nearest city that has a franchise office related to the provider. That may be Grenoble, at best, and then you face the problem of getting to your final destination., From which city will you depart Europe? If you will return to Italy for your departure you may as well keep the car. There is a fantastic itinerary to the south of France from Grenoble and then along the Côte d'Azur back to Italy., Como - Grenoble is about 5 hrs by car and costs 145 EUR (104 EUR motorway/tunnel toll plus 41 EUR fuel).Como - Grenoble is about 6 hrs by train, fares start at 50 EUR/pax, Or drive from Como via Montgenevre to Bourg d'Oisans and backtrack to Turin for car drop off after your Bourg d'Oisans stay., It's not a sensible idea unless you own the car., ....and unless you are a group of people,rather than travelling on your own ;-), Even if you are 4,it will probably cost you more overall than taking public transport.But of course there are some benefits of where you can stop and what you can see on the way.] [Hey everyone!Me and some friends (7 or 8 girls aged 17-18), are planning on traveling by interrail this summer, and we are considering stopping by Italy for some days (we have all seen the movie "call me by your name" and fallen in love with northern italy:). We dont have a lot of money so we want to travel as cheap as possible. The only time possible for us to travel is by the end of July, even though we know this typically is the most touristy season. These are the reasons why we want to maybe travel to some lesser known places, that are cheaper and with less tourists. Some of us love going to museums, art and history, while others would be happy just relaxing by a beach/pool, so the perfect place to go would be a small city/village by the beach, preferably with some museums about local history/nice architecture/local markets, or at least easy transportation to other interesting villages/cities. I have googled a bit, and found that the region "Le Marche" is supposed to be nice, but I think it would be hard to get there by public transportation, and we are not planning on renting a car. Anyways, we would love to hear if anyone has experience or suggestions to any of this, either if is villages/cities to visit or nice airbnbs/hostels/b&amp;bs or how to travel on a budget or any other tips. Thanks in advance!!, Italy is not a good place to be there on a budget during the high season., Michel, (1) You can't save money by going to beaches, these are prime destinations., (2) An Interrail ticket is not your cheapest option unless you know that you will do a lot of rail travel in a single day. Buy city-to-city tickets well in advance to get the cheapest fares, or use buses:, But check where the bus stations are in each place, as these are often outside the city centres, unlike most railway stations, and so you may need to allow additional time to get to and from them., (3) Avoid central Italy, including Tuscany, the Amalfi Coast, and Cinque Terre. Look instead at Piemonte, Aosta, perhaps Friuli-Venezia Giulia. But regardless of the expense, be sure to visit Venice. You can save money by finding accommodation on the mainland instead of on the islands., Almost all seaside villages of Le Marche have excellent public transport. Most of them have railway stations, others (like the Riviera del Conero) can be reached by frequent buses).The northern half of the coastline (called Grill of Teutons), namely the area from Cattolica-Gabbice up to Senigallia is very busy at the beginning of July already, south of Ancona, the high season starts a bit later.Historic places to visit in the hinterland:San MarinoUrbinoFrasassi CavesIesiFabrianoLoretoMacerataAscoli PicenoTeramo.The Museo archeologico nazionale delle Marche is a must for people interested in the History of the Marche., According to the Wiki article in English, "Call Me By Your Name" was largely shot in and around Crema, a small city in Lombardia, about an hour's train ride from Milan. So if you want to see some of the actual locations used in the movie, Milan is probably your point of entry and a potential base. Bergamo, where the main characters spend a short holiday, is also easily and cheaply accessible from Milan., If that's the direction you want to go, try to find a flight into Linate rather than Malpensa to save a little time and money. No idea where the nearest beach to Milan is--not close. But there will certainly be cheap, hostel accommodation in Milan. Not sure that will be true of many of the smaller towns in northern Italy., Wherever you decide to go, it would be useful to know a proposed daily budget (per person) and overall length of stay., I agree with C-F-C #4 that a budget would be helpful - your profile says you are in Norway which is known as one of Europe's most expensive countries so maybe your budget might stretch a bit further than some people's!!, Le Marche is nice and has some good beaches. The countryside is also well worth visiting and Ascoli Piceno makes a good base for exploring the hills on the eastern side of the Apennines by bus  - see http://www.startspa.it/index.php/site/pagina/servizi/servizi-extraurbani, And much as Interrail appeals it may actually be cheaper to buy point to point tickets unless you are doing very long journeys on each day you use your Interrail ticket. Local trains in Italy (they have train numbers beginning R or RV) have fixed prices with no need to book in advance, but other faster long-distance trains can be booked at a discount up to 3 months in advance on the trenitalia website., Hey guys, and thanks so much for the help!Since I wrote the post, i have found out that we wont actually have a lot of time in italy, maximum 2 days,  because it is just a stop on a bigger interrail trip. (that is also why we use interrail tickets instead of local train tickets). Since we are not going to stay there for long, the most important thing is that it is a cheap place to stay, because we wont have time to do a lot of things in the place anyways. Anyways, we may know someone that lives near lake Garda that we can live with, so maybe we will just stay there (I dont think that is far away from Crema either, which someone mentioned was the place Call me by your name was filmed!!!)However, I have fallen in love with Italy, and I will return someday with more time to visit some of the places you suggested. But thank you guys so much for all your help!!, And you have two days. Good luck with that., Your rail pass will limit you to slower trains unless you want to pay supplemental fees for the faster ones., You run the risk that the places you want to see may not be worth the time it takes to get to them--and from them. If your destinations are far apart. And if you'll have comparably limited time for them., Any idea where you'll be stopping immediately before and after northern Italy?] [&lt;&lt;However, I have fallen in love with Italy,&gt;&gt;, Yet you've never been there? Sounds like a mail-order bride syndrome., Yes, maybe Italy is Catfishing her....!If Italy asks you to send cash or provocative pics, <em>don't!</em>, It looks like my plan of spending a day in Milan with 7-8 teenage Norwegian girls isn't going to work out..., "we may know someone that lives near lake Garda that we can live with, so maybe we will just stay there (I dont think that is far away from Crema either", "Near Lake Garda" can be between 2 and 6 hrs OW by public transport from Crema. All depends on the exact location of this misterious "near Lake Garda".But how can you know that you will have just 2 days in Italy, if you don't know the journey times from your previous location to "Nearlakegarda" and from there to your next destination?, And the less time you have, the less you can afford to waste your money by staying at a place far away from anything worth to visit. As in this case, you would see nothing of Italy, it would be better to skip this country completely., Hahah, you might have a point. However, I actually have been to Italy and I liked it very much. Anyways, thank you everyone for all the help, but we have already figured out where we are staying., Before you carve anything in stone, you will almost certainly want to look at train travel times--on the slow regional trains your pass allows you to use., Otherwise this could easily turn into "Our Holiday Spent on European Trains, with Occasional Pauses.", "have already figured out where we are staying", But why did you then ask yesterday about Le Marche (and a lot of people wasted l a lot of time by trying to give you good answers)?, I'm sorry if I offended anyone?? As I said in the first post, we were only considering stopping by Italy, and I was just asking if anyone had any tips on the brainstorming part of planning our trip. However, a lot of your tips have been very helpful and I will definately take them into account., I think it's widely considered a given that people change their plans--sometimes quite quickly., That's going to hold true for your group, too. I strongly doubt the actual traveling party will include 7-8 people. Beware of the dynamic where the people who insist on having the most input about the shape of the journey suddenly decide to drop out (often at the last minute). You'll need flexibility, which your rail passes will give you to some degree, and refundable accommodations, probably., Are you sure you don't want to reveal the whole proposed itinerary, perhaps in a new thread? That is, once you have it a little more firmly nailed down? Some people who responded to this thread, the bottom line of which is, "oh, never mind," might be reluctant to volunteer more advice. Others less so., Bear in mind: the regulars here are a bunch of old fogies who have collectively made every travel mistake in the book. There's an argument to be made that some errors of judgment can/will only be learned by personal experience. But I think the overall purpose of a travel forum is to learn from other people's mistakes (and also from their moments of grace and good luck)., Speaking of good luck: good luck. Especially if you're the person "in charge" of organizing this enterprise.Personally, I'd rather wrangle cats., Research those (slow) train travel times!!!!] [Hi, We (family of 5, kids aged 16,14 &amp; 10) trying to book Thello tickets for Paris-Venice or Rome for last week of July &amp; 1st Aug rtn travelling around Italy &amp; Slovenia in between.  Some conflicting info about Thello booking opening dates on a few websites (i.e. booking opens 4 months/ 6 months/ when?).  Can anyone tell me about best options for booking to secure e2e passage from 'North England' (thanks to The Saj for that one)?, Regards, Jacques, You can book Thello fares up to 180 days ahead of travel., What do you need to know about travel from northern England?, As above Thello is 180 days in advance. How do you want to travel from the North of England what does "secure E2E" even mean. You either fly to Paris, or take the train via London for the Eurostar, or boat to the Netherlands and take train from there., End to end, I think., For London - Slovenia, you may check the overnight trainsCologne - Innsbruck (plus connecting train to Verona)Cologne - Rosenheim (plus connecting trains to Villach - Ljubljana)Cologne - Linz (plus connecting trains to Selzthal Graz - Maribor)with feeder train from London dp 15.04tooas well as the ES/TVG connection London dp 11.31 - Munich ar 21.52, plus the connecting overnight trains Munich dp 23.20 - Ljubljana ar 5.57 -  Postojna ar 7.31or Munich dp 23.20 - Udine - Gorizia ar 7.17., There was a post here 2 or 3 weeks ago about difficulty booking Thellio tickets when the explanation was that the dates of train operation were not yet definite due to planned track maintenance in France which might mean the train would not operate on certain days. I cannot comment on whether that situation lasts into the summer holiday period., #5 that was just end of March when you cannot book tickets you already can for April &amp; May.] [I'm finalizing my itinerary for the first two weeks of May. I'm going with my Mom who has never been to Europe (I plan on returning again by myself sometime). I'm confident I've chosen the right areas, and I'm comfortable with 4 cities in 2 weeks. I already have the airline tickets into Naples and out of Venice (long story - that was the best way to do it). We really want some good variety in what we see. I'm more interested in history and architecture than art, but will still go to a few of the major art museums., My biggest question is should I move a night at Salerno to Venice? I plan on going to Venice first thing in the morning to give more time there, and I just can't see spending 3 nights there with my Mom, especially since I've been to several tourist-packed cities in Europe already., Day 1: Arrive in Naples at 1pm, travel to Salerno (stay in Salerno)Day 2: Amalfi coast (stay in Salerno)Day 3: Paestum (stay in Salerno)Day 4: Capri or more Amalfi coast (stay in Salerno)Day 5: Pompeii en route to Rome (stay in Rome)Day 6: Rome (stay in Rome)Day 7: Rome (stay in Rome)Day 8: Rome (stay in Rome)Day 9: Travel to Florence (stay in Florence)Day 10: Florence (stay in Florence)Day 11: Siena daytrip (stay in Florence)Day 12: Florence or daytrip (stay in Florence)Day 13: Travel to Venice in the morning (stay in Venice)Day 14: Venice (stay in Venice)Day 15: Early flight out of Venice, Generally trip doable although pretty rushed esp if first time in Italy.Salerno not  a very interesting place, I'd look at somewhere  else to stay on the Amalfi coast.Not sure about day 5 you intend to get from Salerno  to Pompeii to Rome in one day including visiting Pompeii, maybe overnite in Naples better idea so you can spend reasonable time in Pompeii., When I had a quick look at your itinerary, I asked myself if you were confusing Salerno and Sorrento which is on the Amalfi Peninsula and on the way to Pompeï and Rome., I don't think you should feel compelled at all to spend more time in Venice.  Just because others do, doesn't mean you need to too.  Go with your own instincts., If it were me, I would allow some time for Naples itself- one of my favourite spots in Italy., I agree on Salerno...I wouldn't stay all the way out there,for what you want to do.Have you already booked accommodation there?, It's a good base for Paestum but not really a great place to stay...if you want a city,Naples is far more interesting., And if you don't want a city,stay in Sorrento,or a smaller place like Positano., It's doable but pretty rushed. Typical advice on this forum is three main centres in two weeks. You propose four, which means you're going to have to make sacrifices. I take your point about variety, but 1½ days in Venice is nowhere near enough IMO, and I imagine you'll be spending all your time in the same tourist hotpots as everyone else. Venice is unique, and rewards more time being spent on it. So to answer your question, yes, personally I would deduct a day from somewhere else. Day 5 gives you limited time at Pompei. I think there's luggage storage at the station., Then,on the question of"moving a night"...depends a lot on you,your interests,and what you want to do in each place., I think it's all doable as it is.More time everywhere would be good,but it's not possible ;-), Personally,based on MY interests,I'd move the night to Venice., I didn't mean to sound too negative in post # 6, by the way. There is plenty of variety in this itinerary. :-), I'd move a day to Venice, since you've got less than 2 full days there (that is, days when you both wake up and go to bed there)., Even two full days doesn't guarantee you'll avoid the crowds. You'll have to plan on going to areas where the tourists aren't (northern Cannaregio, the far end of Castello) to avoid the impression that Venice is just another "tourist-packed" city--which it is. But only in the areas the tourists pack. Except: those are the areas that, as a tourist, you'll want to see, too (primarily the attractions in Piazza San Marco)., Also note: because virtually every tourist in town walks the exact same route between the train station and Piazza San Marco, that route is also "tourist-packed.", Sorry, but when you give yourself only enough time in a city to do and see what every other tourist does and sees, it's no wonder your impression is of a "tourist-packed" city. At your proposed pace, Rome and Florence are also likely to leave that impression. Among other impressions, hopefully.]